Clean up instrumentation folder (#1177)
AFLplusplus/AFLplusplus: instrumentation/README.persistent_mode.md

}
```

And then compile:

```

> afl-clang-fast -o fuzz_target fuzz_target.c -lwhat_you_need_for_your_target

Author: Is there a space missing?

```suggestion
afl-clang-fast -o fuzz_target fuzz_target.c -l what_you_need_for_your_target
```

Reviewer: no :)

  }

  /* Exit normally. */
```

The numerical value specified within the loop controls the maximum number of
iterations before AFL++ will restart the process from scratch. This minimizes
the impact of memory leaks and similar glitches; 1000 is a good starting point,
and going much higher increases the likelihood of hiccups without giving you any
real performance benefits.

A more detailed template is shown in
[utils/persistent_mode](../utils/persistent_mode). Similarly to the previous
mode, the feature works only with afl-clang-fast; `#ifdef` guards can be used to

> suppress it when using other compilers.

Author: What is the "previous mode"? Deferred initialization?

Reviewer: yes
